just 25 years old rihanna is showing off
her gray hair mm-hmm and it's ice cold
but don't worry RiRi because he checker
always asks you warm at night by the
searches for the top trending stories in
music kind as soon as we're finished
here you can check out the heat tracker
for yourself by clicking on the fuse TV
/ t10 link yes that's right no late last
night we gotta tweet out some Instagram
selfies revealing what looks to be great
hair in her debut pic she boasted new
color eyes greyish khalid hashtag burr
she later proclaimed that gray is the
new black blog DS quiet for y'all
hashtag burger it looks like the queen
of dramatic hair color has decided to go
all the way left and not her hair nice
grey all right now with Rihanna's knack
for setting trends pretty soon or hold
maybe be rocking some silver mane y'all
soon oh we want to know what our
trending friends think about the new
hair color so leave your thoughts in the
comment section below please please do
or discuss it with us on Twitter EpiPen
it seems like Taylor Swift's recent vm a
nomination has brought up some sour
memories of her 2009 run-in with Kanye
West rub rub on hearing that her video
for I knew you were shovel was nominated
for two VMAs the singer tweeted this to
her fans too VMA nominations if you vote
and get us one I promise to keep a
firmer grip on the mic this time winky
weepy Swift has not won on MTV VMA since
the incident but with two nominations
this year she feels pretty confident
that's kind of amazing that she has a
woman since yeah really good luck Taylor
we're rootin for you sorry to say ladies
but according to his reps Adam Levine is
officially off the market hmm Levine has
yet to comment or tweet about his recent
engagement to on-again off-again
Victoria's Secret model Behati Prinsloo
but yesterday he did tweet this about
the l word love is my religion
twenty-four-year-old see hottie is one
of the many models that adam has dated
but it seems like this one made a
lasting impression on the maroon 5 front
man
sure sources have even revealed that
after briefly dating in breaking up with
Brad to be he just couldn't stop
thinking about another unofficial source
of mine has told me that Adam decided to
propose to the Victoria's Secret Angel
upon hearing the news that our very own
enhancement is also engaged to be
married well congratulations there you
thank you right now those are just some
of today's top trending stories follow
us at t10 for round-the-clock renew and
don't forget to tune into trending 10
weeknights at seven thirty p.m. on fuse